_teaching/2025-fall-digitaldesign.md, before:

---
title: "Teaching Assistant - Digital Logic Design"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2025-fall-digitaldesign
venue: "University of Washington, Electrical and Computer Engineering"
date: 2025-09-25
location: "Seattle, WA"
---
I serve as a teaching assistant for ECE 271, an undergraduate course that provides a comprehensive introduction to digital computer systems. The course covers fundamental topics including logic design, Boolean algebra, combinational and sequential circuits, programmable logic devices, and the architecture of digital computers including ALU, memory, and I/O systems.
In this role, my responsibilities include:

Laboratory Instruction: Leading weekly laboratory sessions where students gain hands-on experience implementing digital circuits and verifying their designs through simulation and hardware testing
Student Support: Conducting regular office hours to provide one-on-one guidance on course concepts, homework problems, and project implementations
Technical Assistance: Supporting students with debugging their circuit designs and SystemVerilog code, helping them develop systematic approaches to identifying and resolving issues
Assessment: Grading laboratory assignments and examinations, providing detailed feedback to help students improve their understanding of digital design principles

This teaching experience has strengthened my ability to communicate complex technical concepts clearly and has deepened my own understanding of digital systems through explaining fundamental principles to students at various levels of expertise.
Heading 1
======

Heading 2
======

Heading 3
======

Commit message:

Enhance teaching experience description
Added details about exam review sessions and practice problems.

_teaching/2025-fall-digitaldesign.md, after:

---
title: "Teaching Assistant - Digital Logic Design"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2025-fall-digitaldesign
venue: "University of Washington, Electrical and Computer Engineering"
date: 2025-09-25
location: "Seattle, WA"
---
I serve as a teaching assistant for ECE 271, an undergraduate course that provides a comprehensive introduction to digital computer systems. The course covers fundamental topics including logic design, Boolean algebra, combinational and sequential circuits, programmable logic devices, and the architecture of digital computers including ALU, memory, and I/O systems.
In this role, my responsibilities include:

Laboratory Instruction: Leading weekly laboratory sessions where students gain hands-on experience implementing digital circuits and verifying their designs through simulation and hardware testing
Student Support: Conducting regular office hours to provide one-on-one guidance on course concepts, homework problems, and project implementations
Technical Assistance: Supporting students with debugging their circuit designs and SystemVerilog code, helping them develop systematic approaches to identifying and resolving issues
Assessment: Grading laboratory assignments and examinations, providing detailed feedback to help students improve their understanding of digital design principles
I have also been leading exam review sessions and created practice problems for students to solve.

This teaching experience has strengthened my ability to communicate complex technical concepts clearly and has deepened my own understanding of digital systems through explaining fundamental principles to students at various levels of expertise.
